---
title: Fuze 1.1 and 1.2
layout: post
author: arandeep.gill
permalink: /fuze-1.1-and-1.2/
source-id: 1s2mZA_5yipFMfxo7Qv-oq_42U_mjwpvkbo3Lab1_YKQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze 1.1 and 1.2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14.9.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Set up the Fuze box by connecting the HDMI cable to it and connecting the mouse to it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed 1.1 and 1.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> We did half of the target. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> My partner and I got out the Fuze box and we had to take out the HDMI cable out from my computer, and then plug it into the Fuze box. We then got a mouse, which we plugged in, and we also got a manual which told us all of the steps and how to do them that we needed to do. We got a bit stuck because when we went onto the Fuze program, it went onto the wrong screen so we had to look at it sideways. I learnt how to set up the Fuze box after we plugged it into the wrong cable ,but we eventually did it so we now know what to do next time.
In 1.1 we had to write in code and make it appear onto the screen. We managed to do that easily and the next task was to change the colour of the code appearing onto the screen. We almost did that one but the lesson finished before we could finish it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We did plug the Fuze box into the wrong cable at first, and we then had to change computer. Then the program loaded onto the wrong screen and was stuck like that. We could improve by looking it up in the manual, searching it up onto the internet, asking friends and them asking the teacher. We took a long time to set up which delayed us a lot so we didn't manage to complete all of it. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> We will try to gain help by doing the steps above and hopefully try not to do anything wrong. We will try to work faster and not get the setting up wrong.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
