---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: arandeep.gill
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1iUK3FPXzbDH46TljeWRsdrLOEY2XysAeI-xevlW1D1c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To work on fixing and editing our blog website if not done so.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have our blog website posted onto Google Classroom to be marked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We had to post our blog website onto Google Classroom by the end of the lesson, so I was working on fixing my website. My first website didn't work so I created a new website. It worked partially and I got a bit stuck, so I asked a few friends and they managed to help me with correcting my code which didn’t work. It was incorrect and after struggling I learnt my mistake which was that my config and styles css file was wrong. In the end my website was fixed. I then just had to change the colour of the background and all of the other details and I managed to hand in my blog website to Google Classroom at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was struggling and I didn’t know what to do. I looked up several ways on how to fix it but I still didn’t understand so that limited my learning, though my website was fixed in the end with some help from some friends.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If I need help I should ask friends which I already did but I will continue to do so. I also need to look at different aspects of why my blog website is wrong, and then I could find out what is wrong and how I can fix it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


