---
title:   Fuze 1.4 and Roundup
layout: post
author: arandeep.gill
permalink: /--fuze-1.4-and-Roundup/
source-id: 1tFqoOR5nc3JOKonp7Un_HbPL329bJBE1MU4dByCR_c0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze 1.4 and Roundup</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23.10.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Set up Fuze and carry on working through it.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete stage 1.4.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I did.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> We carried on working through the next stage that we started last lesson and we managed to complete it. We finished typing in the code for when the Fuze would say that it was thinking of a number between 1 and 100 and we had 10 goes to guess it. We programmed it so that the Fuze would say too high if we were too high, and too low if we were too low. We did that and we tested it out and it worked successfully. We then programmed it to say loser if we didn't get the number in 10 goes, and to say you win if we did manage to get the number in 10 goes. After that was the Roundup which is where you go over the topics which we managed to do some of it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I still didn’t manage to type that much and we didn’t really take it in turns but we did still take it in turns to read the code to the typer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We will try to take it in turns to type and we will carry on taking it in turns to read out the code to the typer. We will also carry on working efficiently and at our pace. We will continue working on the Roundup.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
