---
title:  Fuze 1.2 and 1.3
layout: post
author: arandeep.gill
permalink: /-fuze-1.2-and-1.3/
source-id: 1Fumyab6Pq4CKf47wK7Z-pfk1QkI5GAeBxQO6XHaD3Ls
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze 1.2 and 1.3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td> 21.9.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Set up the Fuze box by connecting the HDMI cable to it and connecting the mouse to it.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Read the manual more carefully.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I did.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> We plugged in the HDMI cable into the right computer this time, and it worked. It wasn't on the wrong screen which was good. We then tried if the code "Hello World" would run. We typed in repeat and it should have kept on saying “Hello World” but instead it said Error. We reread the manual and we still didn’t know what had happened. We had followed all of the instructions too. We then asked a friend and then he said that we did everything right apart from the fact that we used the wrong speech marks on it. It then worked. We did manage to change the colour of the code which we didn’t manage to finish last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As everything went a little bit wrong we were a bit behind because we didn’t get the chance to change what the code says. We could improve by trying to work more harder and not to hesitate to ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we will work more efficiently and not hesitate to ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
