---
title:   Fuze 1.3 and 1.4
layout: post
author: arandeep.gill
permalink: /--fuze-1.3-and-1.4/
source-id: 1Hk31YioVajK4BSJwzOdGB14dKsF8FXn6UG5vwVBTnvs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze 1.3 and 1.4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23.10.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Set up Fuze and carry on working through it.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete stage 1.3 and some of 1.4.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I did.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> My partner wasn't there for a few lessons and I wasn’t there for one of them, so I joined a new group because other people joined other groups as there weren’t enough fuze boxes. I managed to catch up on the work that I missed like changing the text and the colour. We were at the stage that we needed to be at. We then moved onto the next step which was to do with Space Invaders. We first typed in the Space Invader code which when we press the "run" button the screen should come up with “I love Space Invaders”. Instead of it saying the words it would say “I heart” and then the Space Invaders symbol of the alien. It worked and then we typed in the code for changing the colour for the symbols. We could also choose how long the transition was between each symbol was. The “I” was in yellow, the heart in pink and the colour of the Space Invader symbol would change every turn. Then, for the remainder of the lesson we started the next stage and we typed in the code where the Fuze would ask questions about that it is thinking of a number and you had 10 goes to try and guess its number. We started to do that and we were going to finish it off next time. 

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I didn’t type the code that much in the lesson so we could have taken it in turn to type but we did take it in turn to read out the code. Apart from that we worked well together.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We will try to let everyone have a go at typing and we will carry on working efficiently and at the same pace.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


